# Group-Reflection
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <body>
    <p><b>Alex, Team Reflection.</b></p>
<p>As a group I believe that we were able to work well together. Overall we were all able to work together on the overall Assignment while also being able to work independently on the sections that we agreed each person would focus on. We are of the consensus that we were able to split the load evenly between all of us to get the project done in time. One thing that could be improved however was our use of the Github repository. Instead of having everything saved in the one place on Github, by the end of the Assignment we had resources saved over both Microsoft Teams, Canvas and Github which then had to be collated close to submission. What surprised me the most about the group was despite how different we are (at least according to our test results from our profile) and how differing our ages and walks of life are, how well we were able to work together over the course of this assignment. The one thing that I have learnt about groups is that sometimes communication can break down if no one is willing to step up and take control of a situation, we were lucky enough that we always had someone willing to take control in these moments. Overall I think that we were able to work well as a team and I am looking forward to working with the rest of my team throughout this course.</p>

    <p><b>Sam, Team Reflection.</b></p>
<p>My reflection of our team is definitely a positive one. We all worked really well together and were able to unpack what needed to be done in our assignment. We went through each section and each team member went away and completed their part. We all shared the role of chairperson and minute-taker in all five meetings and distributed these through email. We were able to then distribute assignment tasks, such as compiling data into an outcome evenly with a positive and team approach. 
What could have been improved was all the allocated tasks being saved in one space so it was easy to locate and we could see where we were up to; this would have allowed for a flow-on effect. 

I was surprised how quickly we all felt comfortable with each other and supported each other. One thing I have learnt working in a group is allocating tasks with timelines is really important and having a space where everyone saves their work. Being able, to be honest, have a laugh and be compassionate is also really important for the success of the team. And I personally feel that we all offer this to each other and look forward to working with our team for the rest of our studies.</p>   

    <p><b>William Hansen, On Our Group Reflection.</b></p>

<p>We all worked very well together, playing to each other”s strengths and helping out if someone needed extra help. What could be improved, well we worked well together and communicated to each other on a regular bases, maybe more meetings but with each other’s everyday life duties that is a bit hard, but overall it was very good. The 1 thing that surprised me was how well we all got on, I don’t  usually get along with people, as I have been hurt before by people i would call my friends. The main thing I have learnt from this group is we have each other's backs and that's a good thing. And we trust each other to do our jobs. The tools we all used  were great and I am learning so much new stuff on how to use github and html and  everyone’s contribution  on canvas is awesome.</p> 



    <p><b>Madiha, Team Reflection.</b></p>
<p>I resumed studies after a very long break and was very confused to work in a group but surprisingly everyone in our group was very comfortable with each other despite our different personalities and interests. Everyone contributed to their full extent and everyone completed their tasks in time. The best thing was that everyone put their best foot forward in every task including, chairing meetings, taking minutes or making Agenda before meeting.Chair person and minute taker for next meeting were decided at the end of every meeting and than Chairperson sent agenda for next meeting a day before the meeting.There was no communication barrier, everyone reached out as they desired and the other group members were happy to help. 
 One thing that I think could be improved is our contribution towards the GitHub repository and website, updating and saving our work there as we go along because it will be our main tool in future assignments. 
One thing that I have learned about groups from this experience is that if you have the right people around you who motivate you to give your best performance and brings the best out in you, it makes the difficult tasks easier and more enjoyable. I am looking forward to learning from and working with my group for the rest of the study period.</p>



 <p><b>Group Reflection:</b></p>
<p>We named our group The Non-Compatibles, because when we shared our profile test results from assignment 1, we realized that our personalities were very different from each other but during the course of these past three weeks our personalities have complimented each other very well. One person’s weakness is another person's strength and that worked well for us. Communication among the group members was commendable. Despite busy daily work and home routines and despite coming from different walks of life everyone made their best effort to make time and communicate. There was no communication barrier or fight for power/leadership. Everyone took turns in Chairing meetings, taking minutes and making an agenda. Our meetings were formal and professional but still friendly and a laugh here and there.   We all have different ideas of what we can improve and that is a good thing because it shows that we have more room for improvement and are driven to give our best performance. Areas where we could improve ourselves are use of GitHub repository, having more meetings, saving our allocated tasks and their progress in one place so it could be easily accessed.</p>
<p>The main thing was that everyone in the group was honest with each other about our profile test results, our assignment results and our feedback from Teacher and it gave us a chance to work through it and give our best performance. We all learned different things from our experience of being in a group. We realized that communication is the key, not waiting on others to step-up and reach out instead reaching out yourself when needed. We also learned that it is important to keep track and save the work we are doing so everyone can keep updated on the progress of the assignment. We all trusted each other in completing tasks and we also trusted in reaching out when we needed a hand because everyone was ready to help. Everyone contributed equally in completing the assignment. Sometimes in a group only few people actually do work and others hitch a free ride, but fortunately for us everyone stepped up and put in equal work. Surprisingly there were no arguments or disagreements during meetings as well.
We are all looking forward to improving ourselves, to learn from our shortcomings and everyone is eager to work with this group in future assignments and to learn from each other on the way.</p>
</body>
</html>
 
    
